DScript
=======

Esto es un Fork de [dscript](https://github.com/bryanjamesross/dscript) creado por Bryan Ross.

Es completamente funcional bajo entorno G++ 4.6.3.



Hey all

This is just a heads up that I'm still working on this, and it's almost
complete. I decided to go with a parse tree instead of an AST, which
unfortunately added a lot of code to the compilation process, but IMO makes
the compiler more analogous to the parser and it also seems a bit easier to
follow.

I don't know if you'd call this a "simple" scripting language sample though
(almost 4000 lines of code).

The language has been dubbed "DScript".

A few features:

* C like syntax (what else?
* Procedural language that supports both script defined and host environment
  functions.
* Multi-dimensional arrays.
* 3 basic types: string, int, and double
* Variables are typeless
* Language defined local and global variables
	- %var (local variable, gets cleaned up at exit of current function)
	- $var (global variable, sticks around until manually deleted)

Some notes on implementation:

* Uses nothing but Spirit, Boost and the STD C++ library. Should be fully
platform independent.
* Embedding into a host application is dead simple:
    1. Include the source files in your project (or compile it into a .lib
       file and link with that)
    2. Include the dscript.hpp header
    3. create a dscript::context object
    4. call the methods of that context object to load and execute scripts.
* Script code is compiled into byte-code that is executed by the runtime.
* Script files may be compiled into a byte-code binary format for faster
  loading time
* dscript::context objects are fully encapsulated. You can have any number
  created at any time.
* Script functions may be called by the host application through the context
  object.
* Errors generated are output to a specified std::ostream

Hopefully this should be done in the next couple of days, and then I'm going
to clean it up and prepare it for release.
I'm planning on making it dependent on spirit 1.8, so at the very least I'll
be waiting until that release before this "goes gold".

DScript will be released under the GNU Public License (GPL)

Once fully finished, I'll submit it to the spirit application repository,
and if it's good enough, maybe you guys could package it as an example.

Bryan Ross
~~me@daerid.com~~
bryanjamesross@gmail.com

